so you're a masseuse I am what is it
that you do I'm a poet and I'm a dreamer
no really I mean oh you really a poet
yeah oh you know my friend Eva was just
telling me that there is not one guy at
this party that she's attractive it's
okay there's no one here I'm attracted
to either great some guy you met at the
party wants your number hi all right I
get the day wrong no boy because you're
wearing your pajamas
it's Sunday I have to become - oh good
this is my daughter Wow she's stunning
where's mine she's beautiful I don't
know what my life is gonna be nice for
this whole going-away a college thing I
guess we should develop hobbies
especially I weave like baskets yeah I
do it in the garage
really No
hi dad daughter there's a lot of friends
you think they have threesomes what why
would you say that
I know apparently it's what they're
doing these days I'm afraid that windows
closed there was a window so what about
you do you have a boyfriend yeah what's
he like he's funny and comforting what a
kiss and sexy to me yeah
my ex-husband and I have zero in common
and I was completely repulsed by him
sexually
Oh God now just a second Albert hi
remember that new client of mine well it
turns out she's Albert's ex-wife stop
seeing her please I don't have anybody I
can bitch you can completely bitch to me
it was very clumsy in bed he'd go on so
many diets and then he would keep and he
has no friends I have lost all
perspective I've been listening to this
woman say the worst things about the guy
that I was starting to really like she's
like a human Trip Advisor I hope it is
not a hotel if you could avoid staying
at a bad one wouldn't you oh my god
she's telling me you know how many
calories are in guacamole I'm gonna get
you a calorie book you're picking on him
not your that was embarrassing
calorie book my office think I find a
calorie book why do I feel like I just
spent the evening with my ex-wife